Refactor How To doc (#5850)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/iota-evm/how-tos/core-contracts/objects/introduction.mdx

---
description: How to handle native Objects on L2 and use them as ERC721
image: /img/logo/WASP_logo_dark.png
tags:
  - nft
  - evm
  - how-to
teams:
  - iotaledger/l2-smart-contract
---
import ERC721 from '../../../../_snippets/iota-evm/how-tos/ERC721.md';

# Coins and Objects

> <ERC721/>
> 
> The IOTA L1 can create Objects, also called native Objects. To use these Objects on L2, you have
> an ERC20 contract called `ERC721Objects`, which contains all L1 Objects owned by the chain. The following guides will show you how to [mint your own L1 Object from L2](./mint-Object.mdx) and use it with the `ERC721Objects` contract.

Reviewer: This section doesn't really make sense.

We can remove the ERC721 component. And also there is no such thing as ERC721Objects afaik.

So I would just say something like this maybe:
```suggestion
The IOTA L1 is Object based. The following guides will show you how to interact with this Objects from L2.
```
